#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand*\thepart{\arabic{part}}% arabic numbers for part
\makeatletter
\@addtoreset{section}{part}% reset section number when a new part starts
\makeatother
\renewcommand*\thesection{\thepart.\arabic{section}}% section 1.1
\renewcommand*\thesubsection{\thesection.\arabic{subsection}}% subsection 1.1.1
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
APPM 2360: Credit Model Project 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Souneth Ly (103036031) (L140) (R241)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Zhi Huang (102298433) (L150) (R242)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
William Sear (101107069) (L160) (R251)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
This paper will analyze the behviour of different equations as possible
 models for credit card debt.
 Four different equations will be considered.
 The first two equations will be used to compare the accuracy of a discrete
 time model of debt where intrest is calculated a certain number of time
 each year against a continous model in which the debt is calculated an
 infinite number of times each year.
 These two models will be compared at various intrest rates.
 The final two models are differential equations, one of which defines the
 continous model and one which describes an 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

installment debt
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 model in which an account holder pays a set amount of debt off each year.
 These models will be considered for their properties and how long it will
 take to pay off a set debt.
 Finally an 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

installment savings
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 model will be created based on the reviewed models and then analyzed in
 the context of the observed properties of the previous models under considerati
on.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage pagebreak
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Distribution of Forces on a Bridge
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part
Deflection of a Uniform Beam
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
